The Five Kage Summit's over
now.
You think that we'll ever
be relieved?
I sure hope so!
(TAKEN BACK)
[SEKIEI]
See?
Didn't I tell you he'd come? You
just can't suppress curiosity.
Sekiei, don't let your guard
down!
Haven't you considered the
possibility that his friends...
might be hiding nearby?
Oh, the both of you worry too
much.
Good evening! That's what you
say at times like this, right?
Your note. I read it.
So, you're going to come with
us. Right, Mitsuki?
It doesn't matter if it's his
will or not...
We're going to capture him as
planned and bring him back.
(GROANING)
Are they what you wrote about?
The weapons from the Land of
Earth? These are the ones?
Yes. They're living
weapons who don't feel any fear.
Several thousand of them have
already been born in our land...
and more are coming even now.
[MITSUKI]
Are you planning a war?
Our goal is peace...
But we shall determine the shape
of that peace.
(CONSIDERING)
(CHUCKLE) Come with us.
We'll let you meet the person
who created us.
And if I meet them, then will
I truly find...
...the answer I seek?
I knew it. You're curious right?
The secret of one's will.
(SENSING)
[KOKUYOU] We've been noticed.
[KIRARA] See? That's what you
get for wasting time!
[UOU] Did you hear that?
[SEKIEI] Aw, man. Too bad.
If they'd only minded their own
business...
...they wouldn't have
to die. (CHUCKLE)
Hey! Don't get too
carried away!
(HIT)
(HITTING THE GROUND)
Damn you!
Humans are so ridiculous.
Are you trying to pick a fight
with the Hidden Leaf?
Just who are you guys, anyway?!
You don't need to know
the answer to that.
(THROWING)
(FRIGHTENED)
[SEKIEI] Wanna come with us to
the Land of Earth?
The answers that you are
seeking can be found there.
Wait.
I've decided. I'll go with you.
[MITSUKI] Let's get out of here
now.
Mit...suki... (DISCOMFORT)
You see? What did I
tell you?
I knew Mitsuki would
become an ally!
Enough idle chatter, Sekiei...
And don't be so foolish as to
mention the Land of Earth.
Huh? But I didn't say it, did I?
[MITSUKI]
Now go...
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
"Mitsuki's Friend"
(YAWN)
No, not quite. Turn
your hand this way, see?
(YAWN) Like that?
Mhm.
After that, your mind just
starts to go blank...
...and before you know it,
you're asleep.
And you remember nothing of the
time you spent sleeping?
Well, sometimes I have dreams.
Wow, how interesting! Please,
tell me more about humans!
I'm just so curious!
Sekiei! Don't get too friendly
with him.
We can't trust him completely.
Kokuyou...
You've become increasingly
suspicious of everyone.
You really ought to get
yourself checked...
when we get back.
I don't know about that...
However...
I do believe that
he's hiding something from us.
Who, me?
You have really beautiful skin,
Mitsuki.
Sometimes I almost can't believe
we're both fabricated.
"Fabricated?"
Yeah! As in, we were "made" into
people.
Let's depart. Time lost cannot
be regained.
Okay, okay! Hey, do you think
Kirara got back safely? (WOOZY)
(GASP)
(STRUGGLING)
What's wrong, Sekiei?!
(STUNNED)
Get ahold of yourself!
My body...feels... weird.
(WORRIED)
(WEAK) This is bad, huh...?
Of all the times for this to
happen...
Just keep quiet. And you! Keep
an eye on him until I return.
[KOKUYOU]
Don't try anything foolish.
Kokuyou...
Don't worry. I'll bring help as
soon as I possibly can.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
Lady Fourth, thank you for
coming. I know you're busy.
[KUROTSUCHI]
So how is he doing, anyway?
[AKATSUCHI]
He's stable for now.
Even Grandfather can't beat old
age, huh?
No, that isn't what's going on!
I'm certain that he's simply
feeling really tired!
Akatsuchi, you being here with
him is a big help.
Please let me know when he
wakes up.
How was he...?
Is Lord Ohnoki doing okay?
There were some things I wanted
to check with him...
[KUROTSUCHI] ...but I couldn't.
Not in his condition.
[KONTSUCHI] I'm worried about
what the Hokage said.
We need to investigate this
immediately.
(SIGH)
Is there someone we can really
trust?
I wanna keep this as
quiet as possible.
Well, I do have a nephew in the
ANBU.
He's still young, but his skill-
(SHOCKED)
Kurotsuchi, you will step down
from the role of Tsuchikage.
(SHOCKED)
Not even a shred of resistance
from any of you!
Who are you?! (ATTACK YELL)
He's...
(ATTACKING YELL)
Talk! Who are you, huh?
(GASP)
That face!
(COUGHING)
Are you alright?
Mitsuki... did I scare you?
I thought that you weren't going
to wake up again.
Didn't I tell you? Our bodies
are like those Akuta...
Which means... that we're
imperfect.
[SEKIEI] Unlike those
creatures...
We're able to talk
and think, of course...
...but still... my body is
similar to theirs.
It needs a lot of maintenance...
or it simply fails.
(COUGH X2)
Kokuyou went to get some of your
friends to help, right?
So don't give up yet.
(COUGH) Those guys are... pretty
cold, so...
(COUGHING)
(STANDING EFFORT)
Huh? Mitsuki...? Where are you
going?
(CHUCKLE) He left.
Oh man, maybe he's escaping.
That's not good...
(UNCOMFORTABLE COUGHING)
(CURIOUS) Hm?
[SEKIEI] What?
I thought you ran away.
[SEKIEI] What are those?
[MITSUKI] Flowers.
They're something humans give
to sick people to cheer them up.
You look at them and start to
feel better.
Anyway... here.
(TOUCHED)
(CHUCKLE)
So, do you feel better?
Yeah... But I still don't think
I'm going to last too long.
(CONCERNED)
Hey... can you tell me more?
I mean, what you know about
humans?
Let's see...
Well, uh... people can eat.
Oh, right! You mean food?
There's a girl named Cho-Cho who
eats so much...
I can hardly believe that it's
possible.
[SEKIEI] Oh, yeah?
[MITSUKI] And... after they
eat...
Humans brush their teeth.
Their teeth? Why?
You know, I wonder... but I
really don't know.
Although, Boruto told me...
that your parents get mad if you
don't.
Parents, huh? Humans give birth
to children, right?
What about you, Mitsuki?
What? Me?
My parent is...
♪♪ (INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
...Orochimaru. He's the one
who made me.
Oh, I see. So he's like our Lord
Ku.
Lord Ku?
Is he the one who ordered you to
come and get me, then?
[SEKIEI] Hey... is that what you
call a... "sunset?"
[MITSUKI] It's pretty, isn't it?
When humans see something like
this, some even cry.
Mitsuki, have you ever cried?
I haven't.
If I die here,... do you think
you might cry?
I wonder...
Not sure.
That boy... Boruto?
Do you think you'd cry... if
Boruto died?
Weren't you friends?
Boruto...
Hey there, Mitsuki!
What are you up to right now,
wanna hang?
Come on, Mitsuki! Why don't you
join us, ya know?!
Boruto... You could say that he
was like the sun in my sky.
[SEKIEI] (CONSIDERING)
[MITSUKI] Actually, Cho-Cho said
something interesting...
[SEKIEI] She's the one who eats
an unbelievable amount, right?
That's right. She said close
friends...
...are often times people...
...who share a secret between
just the two of them.
Oh? A secret between just the
two of them?
If that's the case... then I
wish that you'd tell me...
What's your secret, Mitsuki?
Secret? Me?
I don't think I have any.
You're lying.
(STUNNED)
If you try anything funny...
that'll be the end of you.
[SEKIEI] Don't move.
(CONFUSED)
You faked killing that Hidden
Leaf shinobi...
and you let a snake go while we
weren't watching... right?
I didn't think anyone saw me do
that...
Why did you leave the snake
behind?
Did you intend to betray us
right from the start?
I just left a message for
Boruto...
...that I'm going to the Land
of Earth...
...by my own will.
And that there's no need to
follow.
That's it, truly.
Didn't you think doing something
like that...
...would make us
suspicious of you?
I'm suspicious of you now... did
you know that?
If that's true, then why
didn't you restrain me?
Maybe I'm just...
curious about you.
However...
Putting our plan in danger is
something else entirely...
Especially when we're staking
our lives on it.
If you were to kill me right
now...
You'd be in trouble,
wouldn't you?
I mean... your body is
deteriorating.
[MITSUKI] But at least then...
You wouldn't be able to cause
any more trouble.
Back then...
[SEKIEI] Boruto... still
believed...
that you were truly his
friend...
So could it be...
you still feel that way, too?
I do.
(SCOFF)
Listen... tell me more about
this...
Boruto... the one you
think so highly of.
I'm... really, really curious.
(CONSIDERING)
[SEKIEI] Tell me!
Boruto... is always smiling...
[MITSUKI]
And he's...straight forward...
But for some reason,...he's
always getting scolded.
He hates to lose...
and causes trouble now and
then, but...
...if it's for a friend... he
never gives up.
And that's why almost always...
...Boruto's surrounded by a lot
of friends.
[MITSUKI] Yes... he always has
friends around him.
Boruto's larger than life,
and... blindingly bright...
He's my sun, so far away.
But...
...maybe these feelings...
...were simply
just...fabricated.
Mitsuki... you- (DISCOMFORT)
(TAKEN BACK)
(STRUGGLING)
Sekiei, don't move.
If Kokuyou finds out that you
betrayed us...
He's going to... skewer you
alive. (HEAVY BREATHING)
(COUGHING)
[SEKIEI] But still... I have to
say... You're very lucky...
If I die... no one will ever
know...
that you left a message
behind...
(CONSIDERING)
Oh, man... My mind is
starting to go blank.
(WEAK CHUCKLE) Is this it?
Is this what falling asleep
feels like?
(STRUGGLING)
Sekiei!
(REALIZING)
Look... at the sunset...
It's no use. I don't feel
anything.
(WEAK CHUCKLE)
You should go... You're a Leaf
shinobi, after all...
[SEKIEI] Right?
(UNCERTAIN)
[KIRARA] How much farther is it,
Kokuyou?
Almost there!
Look!
(CONFUSED)
[KIRARA] Sekiei!
Sekiei! Are you all
right?!
Hey, Sekiei, can you hear me?!
Don't do that, you're gonna
break him!
Get back so I can give him the
shot!
(RELIEVED SIGH)
Can he be saved?
Probably. At least
that's what The Doctor said.
In any event, we should get him
to Lord Ku as soon as possible.
Yes...But before that...
So this is him, huh? That's
Mitsuki? Why isn't he tied up?
He said he would come with us
willingly.
I came along with them of my own
free will.
Or... you just made it look that
way to gain our trust.
His eyes are clear... But they
aren't trustworthy.
Maybe he's the one who did
something to Sekiei...
to make him like this!
You're right.
It's strange this would happen
to Sekiei so suddenly.
Well?
[KIRARA] All right, anyway...
We can't let Lord Ku see him
straight away.
I suppose we'll just have to
knock him unconscious.
And as for his body...
Oh, that's right...
Having to limit myself is
difficult.
I said that I'd go along with
you all willingly...
...but nothing about being
captured.
(CONSIDERING)
[SEKIEI] Wait!
(ATTENTION IS CAUGHT)
Just wait!
Sekiei!
[KOKUYOU] It worked.
You can put your trust in
Mitsuki... I vouch for him.
Sekiei...
[SEKIEI] He's just... like us...
He was surrounded by friends in
the Hidden Leaf Village...
But he still always felt alone.
If you get close to the sun,...
it'll burn you.
You can only watch from a
distance.
Isn't that right... Mitsuki?
Come with us. Lord Ku is
waiting.
Let me... lean on your
shoulder.
(WARY)
So you actually trust me now?
About earlier... that's a secret
just between the two of us.
(TAKEN BACK)
So now... we're friends!
(WEAK CHUCKLE)
We should hurry up, you guys. I
don't want to die out here.
What are you going to do,
Kokuyou?
The one who'll decide...
[KOKUYOU]. ..is Lord Ku.
(GROANING)
(GROWL)
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[SARADA] I think that maybe it
would be best...
if we return to the Village.
[SHIKADAI] To do what? Just
report in?
And risk being punished for
deserting?!
[SARADA] I mean...
Is there really anything more
that we can do?
[SHIKADAI] Boruto's the one
who's been leading us...
all this way... So...
as long as he's still
unconscious, then...
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Boruto's Wish"
[SARADA] Boruto... Please wake
up soon!